[Command]               [Status]
help                    done 
version                 done
backing                 done
users                   done - maybe change output?
user                    done
adduser                 done
resetuserkey            done
   or resetuser         done
checkuserkey            done
checkuseraction         done 
checkexecute            done 
superuser               done 
username                done
addrole                 done 
clonerole               done 
role                    done 
roles                   done 
addaction               done
actions                 done
action                  done
actionname              done 
actiontimeout           done 
actioncooldown          done 
actionpath              done 
actionargs              done 
actioncmd               done 
actionabortsignal       done
actionstdout            done 
addroleaction           done 
addroleuser             done 
delaction               done 
delroleaction           done 
delroleuser             done 
delrole                 done 
deluser                 done 
save                    done
exit                    done
is_true                 done
hash                    done
show_maps               done
                        

refactor out the .next() calls to a macro, i.e. iternext!(var1, var2...)
   also, refactor out the if let, and error messages for the above into another macro
   maybe full macro could be something like:
      evalinput!(action, name, err:literal, help:literal, inner fn (i.e. a call to self.fn(action, name)))

daemon mode
action executor

reporting? smtp? notifications? webhooks?


refactor the whole damn thing so it's not a single giant file?


add github oauth, and add config for users to map to their username from oauth provider
